January 3, 2010 8:00 am The start of the 86th Hakone Ekiden Road has come in Hakone
On the way back from the day before, a lot of players from many countries managed to catch up and scored high with 4th place
Top fight was expected in return
First of all, Yamashita Takamori , the third year of rock 4 undergraduates , started off the mountain
I fell over while running parallel to Yamanashi Gakuin University and my brother around 8 kilometers along the way and injured my leg.
Immediately follow
We arrived at Odawara relay station in third place with a record 2-59 minutes and 48 seconds
Odawara relay station, not law department
Takahashi, Yasushi player has received the sash
Captain Takahashi maintained Sanin in 1 hour 6 minutes 27 seconds of section 9th place
Arrive at Hiratsuka relay station
Two years of elementary school in 8 wards of cold sea breeze
I connected Tashiki to Shunsuke Koyanagi
In 8 wards, Ikoma University has caught up as if to shame the back, but familiar players are section 10 and
The last and have in the 1 hour 9 minutes 1 second of bing
2 days bran elementary department's 9th district arrived at the relay station
I entrusted with Takato Saito
In 9 wards, change signs with Komazawa University at a point 4km past
Saito is a half-hour resident's one-hour 12 minutes 34 seconds record of anchor economic department four years
It gave the sash in fourth place in TsujiYasushikai players
The last camp player runs up Yamanashi Gakuin University by the run of the section second place
Just before the goal, 3rd place was in front of the eyes, but I cut the tape in 4th place without reaching only 14 seconds
In the Hakone Ekiden this time, he continues to join the top contest after No. 10
I did not reach one step within the 3rd place that I was aiming for, which was a good result of 4th place
He showed me a promising run after next year